---
title: KanikamaMapArrayProvider
---

# KanikamaMapArrayProvider

`KanikamaMapArrayProvider` is a component that "provides" lightmaps and colors of light sources to "receivers" (Renderers affected by Kanikama).

There is a Prefab in the following path:

```
Assets/Kanikama/Prefabs/KanikamaMapArrayProvider.prefab
```

When a Scene starts, this provides `Texture2DArray`s of lightmaps to all receivers via `MaterialPropertyBlock`.
And in every frame, it provides colors (`Color[]`) of `KanikamaColorCollector` to receivers.


## Camera
This component requires `Camera` because updating colors must be done after all `KanikamaCamera`s get monitors' colors and before the Main Camera (= Player Camera) renders a Scene. That is why updating method is written in `OnPreRender`.


Rendering orders of Cameras are controlled by `depth` property.
The default settings in Kanikama Prefabs are as follows:

- Monitor Camera: -2
- Provider Camera: -1
- Main Camera: 0


Since the rendering result of Cameras for Provider is not used at all, Prefab sets a 1px RenderTexture and sets the drawing range as small as possible to reduce CPU overhead on culling.

## Properties

**Lightmap Arrays**
- `Texture[]`
- Specify `Texture2DArray`s of lightmaps generated by Kanikama.
- The order must be the same as the lightmap indeces.
- Normally, this is set automatically with the Setup by KanikamaSettings asset button.

**Directional Lightmap Arrays**

- `Texture[]`
- Set all `Texture2DArray` of Directional lightmaps generated by Kanikama.
- The order must be the same as lightmap indece.
- Normally, this is set automatically with the Setup by KanikamaSettings asset button.

**Slice Count**

- `int`
- Specify the number of slices for a `Texture2DArray` (all assets have the same number of slices).
- Normally, this is set automatically with the Setup by KanikamaSettings asset button.

**Receivers**

- `Renderer[]`
- Specify all `(Mesh)Renderer`s affected by Kanikama.
- This must be set manually by users.

## Setup button

Clicking on Inspector's very useful <i><b>Setup by KanikamaSettings asset</b></i> button will look for the Scene's KanikamaSettings.asset, retrieve the last baked asset, and automatically specify them. You need to set Receivers yourself.
